This is the pgtcl-ng Source Release README
Last updated for pgtclng-2.1.1 on 2014-09-12
The project home page is: http://sourceforge.net/projects/pgtclng/
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

OVERVIEW:

Pgtcl is the Tcl interface for the PostgreSQL Database Management System.
It is a loadable Tcl module implementing commands which allow an
application to interact with a PostgreSQL database. Pgtcl-ng is the "next
generation" implementation of Pgtcl.

This is a source release. With appropriate development tools on a compatible
platform, you can build this on your system.

The full documentation for pgtcl-ng is available at the site listed in the
header of this file. This source release only contains the minimal
documentation for building and installing.

A binary release of pgtcl-ng for Windows is available on the site listed in
the header of this file. If you are using pgtcl on Windows, you should
consider using the binary release. For more information about the Windows
binary release and its requirements, see the README.txt file inside the
release.


CONTENTS:

    README ...................  This file
    COPYRIGHT ................  License file (Open Source)
    INSTALL ..................  Building and installing instructions
    NEWS .....................  Release information and new features
    ChangeLog* ...............  Source change history files
    README.historical ........  Historical READMEs from project predecessors
    patches/ .................  Patches for building libpq on Windows (obsolete)
    extra/ ...................  Directory containing pgtclsh shell sources
  Plus the source files and configure/build support files.


REQUIREMENTS:

Refer to the INSTALL file for details.

This release has been successfully built on Linux with gcc-4.8.2,
PostgreSQL-9.3.5 and 9.2.9, and Tcl-8.6.1. It was also successfully built
on Ubuntu Linux with gcc-4.8.2, PostgreSQL libpq-9.3.5, and Tcl-8.5.15.

It was tested against servers running PostgreSQL-9.3.5 and 9.2.9.  It might
build with other versions of PostgreSQL, and with older versions of Tcl,
but these are not tested.

This release has been successfully built on Windows XP-SP3 with the MinGW
development system (gcc-4.8.1), EnterpriseDB PostgreSQL-9.3.4, and
ActiveState ActiveTcl 8.6.1 and 8.5.15. The result has been tested against
servers running PostgreSQL-9.3.5 and 9.2.9.  The MinGW-built pgtcl-ng is
available as a binary release for 32-bit Windows. It was built with Tcl8.5
and uses the Tcl stubs mechanism, so the resulting DLL should work with
different versions of Tcl.


RELEASE ISSUES - all platforms:

+ Refer to the NEWS file included in the release (and available on the
  pgtclng web site) for important changes and compatibility issues in
  this release and previous releases.

+ If you are looking for the Tcl shells with PostgreSQL extensions (pgtclsh
  and pgtksh), look in the "extra/" directory. The README file there explains
  why you might be better off not using them, though.

+ This release has not been built or tested on 64-bit systems.


RELEASE ISSUES - Windows:

+ Changes to the connection control environment variables (such as PGHOST,
  PGDATABASE) are not seen once the DLL is loaded.

+ Only TCP/IP is supported, not Unix Domain Sockets. So a hostname (or IP
  address) must be provided when connecting. If you are trying to connect
  to a PostgreSQL server running on your Windows PC, you need to specify
  host=localhost or host=127.0.0.1 to connect to it.
